Thank you.
(Episode 6)
I heard that this place is the hottest
place in Seoul these days.
Let's eat find out why it's so popular.
But it looks pretty expensive.
You're the one buying.
You got paid today.
Me?
You're so naive. I'm just kidding.
Is teasing me the only
entertainment in your life?
How did you know?
Today's a lucky day. Let's toast.
Of course with non-alcohol champagne.
Do you still remember that
I'm allergic to alcohol?
How could I forget the flaming sea squirt?
Here.
Thank you.
Fill it up. I'm going
to drink for four people.
- Hello. You can give me the key.
- Hi.
Thank you.
I heard that this place is pretty hot.
That's why there are many
young people here.
Let's go on a date since it's been a while.
Let's go in.
Excuse me.
Hello?
- We need a table for two.
- Follow me, please.
Why are you here?
You should be in Guam,
but why are you here?
Hello, how have you been?
- Who is he?
- There's no need to greet him.
He's the guy I told you about.
He toyed with our Ru Ri.
Tell me the truth.
Did you come to Korea because of Ru Ri?
- I have some business to do. - Anyway,
if you plan to seduce
Ru Ri while you're here,
you'll have to forget about it.
Did you hear me?
If I see you around Ru Ri again,
I'm going to break you to pieces.
I'm warning you.
Ru Ri is going to marry a good person.
I don't want you near her.
Don't pretend that you know her,
don't even look at her,
and erase her from your memory completely.
- Do you understand? - Sir...
Do you understand or not?
I told you in Guam.
I've been at construction
sites all around the world.
Please, just this one time.
The Great Man-Made River of Libya...
Honey, let's just go to our seats.
I warned you. Remember that.
I'm sorry. Please enjoy your meal.
You're wicked.
Honey, let's have a seat over there.
Why go to the corner when
we can sit next to the window?
It's cozier over there.
- Let's go. - Okay.
- Go to the bathroom. - The bathroom? Okay.
What should we order?
Wait a minute.
I'll go to the bathroom and wash my hands.
Honey, I have wet wipes.
That's okay. I need to go to
the bathroom anyway.
Honey.
- Mom. - Dad's going to the bathroom.
What?
Is someone in there?
Is someone using the bathroom?
Why is there no answer?
Excuse me?
What's taking them so long?
Mom, save me. I'm stuck in the men's bathroom.
Oh, my.
Where is Ru Ri?
(Mom, save me. I'm stuck in the men's bathroom.)
What should we do?
I'll take care of it.
Is someone in there?
Is someone using the bathroom?
Yes?
What is wrong? Is the door locked?
Excuse me. Open the door.
Excuse me.
Gosh.
My bladder is about to burst.
- Oh, my. - Sir,
I'm sorry, but it's out of order.
If you're urgent, please use the women's bathroom.
What? You should've written something on it then.
Is no one in there?
Yes.
Thank you.
Hurry up and come out.
What about dad?
Hurry up.
- Mom. - Hurry up and go.
What?
Why are you here?
I wanted to wash my hands too.
- Hurry up. - Okay.
Goodness, how can they treat customers like this?
(Valet parking)
- My car is 5700. - 5700? Okay.
You must be very surprised. Are you okay?
Yes.
I understand.
I'll take my time.
Honey, we should order something.
Let's leave. I can't eat here.
Why? I'm hungry.
You can tell the quality of this restaurant by the bathroom.
They didn't even notice an out of order bathroom to the customers.
It's even expensive.
I know a good suyuk place. Let's go.
Honey.
Honey, honey.
Let's just eat here. I'm hungry.
Wait here. I'll get the car quickly.
- Goodness. - Manager Jung, what should we do?
- I'll get the car. - Oh, my.
Look at that scoundrel.
It hasn't been long since he broke up with Ru Ri.
He's already meeting someone new.
Honey, let's just go inside.
Wait a minute.
Why is that woman like that?
Her physique looks...
like Ru Ri.
What are you talking about?
She's on a blind date right now.
Honey, let's go inside.
Wait a minute.
She's also really tall.
That's really suspicious.
- Isn't it? - Honey.
- Why? - Honey.
Wait a minute. Wait here.
What should we do? I think he's coming here.
Hey, Guam. Look at me.
Hey, Guam.
Honey.
What is he doing? Wait a minute.
It's an order. Stay still.
Manager Jung.
Hey.
We have no choice.
Let's just tell him.
We can't do that.
Sir.
Honey.
- Look at him. - Here's your car.
Wait a minute. What is wrong with you?
My car is here.
What?
Hey, wait a minute.
Hey, stop. Stop.
What is he doing?
Please check the back. Is he following us?
Relax, no one's behind us.
Really?
Are you okay?
What should I do?
- Yes, Dad. - Where are you right now?
Right now?
Yes.
Who are you with?
I just parted with my blind date.
I'm going to take the subway.
Really?
How was your blind date?
Did he ask you out on a date?
I'm not sure right now.
I'll tell you when I get home.
Okay. It's late, so hurry up and come home.
Maybe it wasn't Ru Ri.
See? You were over reacting.
Stop being so suspicious.
She's really eccentric.
It must be the end of the world.
My daughter has been living with a man.
Anyway, I can't relax...
as long as he's living in Seoul.
Don't you know yet?
Don't you know why I'm participating in the menu development contest?
You said you weren't interested when you were in Guam.
I was wrong, so I came back.
Don't you ever think about meeting that scoundrel again.
Why are you outside?
I'm sorry, but let's just celebrate with this.
You should be hungry.
Manager Jung.
You told me to answer after we're done eating.
I'll answer you right now.
I nearly had a heart attack...
when I met my father today.
That's why I decided.
The contest doesn't matter. I'm not going to see you again.
I'm serious.
I can walk home.
Please go before my dad sees you again.
Are you going to marry a suitable person your dad picks for you?
Is that the life you really want?
He'll eventually find out about us.
If he finds out that we keep meeting like this, we'll be in trouble.
Did you forget why you ran away to Guam?
You said you wanted to be honest to yourself,
and not become someone's puppet.
What you want, how you want to live,
and who you want to be with.
You wanted to find yourself.
I'm not confident.
You saw how it is with my dad.
My dad never gives up if he sets his mind on it.
It's impossible...
to disobey my dad.
I...
don't want to be a bad daughter because of love.
I also thought...
it was impossible to meet someone who makes my heart race.
But I'm here because I was wrong.
Nothing's impossible.
It's impossible because they give up.
I already told you.
I'm going to take my time.
You do what your heart tells you. Just slowly follow me.
It's on Friday.
We're going to practice here for the final stage of the contest.
I'll wait for you.
Don't forget this.
What are you doing?
This is prenatal education.
Prenatal education?
I want our baby...
to be smart just like you, so I'm making our baby study English.
The baby can't hear this yet.
It has to be at least three months for the fetus to hear this.
So for now, make sure you take folic acid pills.
Why are you looking at me like that?
Because you're so hot.
Honey, why are you so smart?
You know everything.
Everything about me impresses you, doesn't it?
This is basic knowledge for doctors.
I can't believe this.
That even a delinquent like me can be a mother.
How should I put it? It feels like someone gave me a gift.
A gift better than 100 designer bags.
I'm so happy.
Sure. Let's think of it as a gift.
A precious gift the universe has given us,
so we can live a happy life.
I know what it is. Do you want me to tell you the truth?
In what year were you born?
Hey! Give back my bread!
- What should I wear? - Mom, So Won is going to work.
Mother, I'm off.
Why are you going to work on a day like this?
I'm going to take her to a gynecologist...
to scan for an ultrasound.
How can a father not accompany her?
I'm sorry. I have a surgery scheduled this morning.
Mom, if you keep nagging him when he goes to work,
- we're going to move out. - Stop it.
Let's have lunch afterward instead.
I want to see how our baby looks like.
I bet our baby takes after you, and is very handsome.
How many times have I told you?
Having a handsome face won't do your husband any good.
You know what? I bet he might kick away all the good fortunes.
No way.
I have a competent mother and an adorable wife.
And now, I'll have a baby who takes after me.
Don't you think that I'm quite lucky?
Goodness.
You were always negative about me and didn't accept me.
How can you imitate me that well?
Oh, my. I'm so happy.
Let's live like this sharing things to laugh about.
Okay, Mother.
If you go outside one more time, I won't come to see you.
Did you get it or not?
Be quiet!
Between the thighs and pelvic bones...
I'm tired of this.
This is usually seen around the hip joint.
This is common to patients over 70 who suffer from osteoporosis.
The main reason of the fracture is falling.
This is found a lot among elderlies.
For men, this happens frequently when they reach 65.
"First Lieutenant Lee So Won."
- For women, 15 percent... - This is the guy.
Annually, this happens to 20,000 patients in our country.
When did you have your last period?
You don't need to ask any questions.
She's 100 percent pregnant.
You know the domestic pregnancy tests?
We ran the test 2, no. We ran it 3 times.
And there were two strikes on them.
- Mom. - There were two strikes.
There were two lines.
That was a joke.
I feel nauseated.
I get morning sickness too.
She vomited twice.
Then shall we proceed with the ultrasound first?
Yes, please.
(Orthopedist Lee So Won)
Doctor, we have a situation. Please come out.
- What is it? - You must hurry.
We have a situation.
- What's going on? - Well...
Who is this kid? Why is she here?
(Blocked Caller ID)
- Yes? - Mr. Lee So Won.
That's your name, isn't it?
Yes, it is. Who is calling?
Please take good care of her.
You have the duty to take care of her.
Who are you, and who is this kid?
Take care of her as you repent on your wrongdoings.
Don't even think about calling the cops.
What?
Hey, hey. Who are you? Hey!
Doctor, we should notify the police first, right?
Hold on.
This is strange.
What is it, Doctor?
- Is there something wrong? - Let's run a blood test.
Sure.
How is she?
Do you think it's child abuse?
As there are no wounds, she must have been neglected.
She's suffering from malnutrition. Let's take care of her first.
I'm relieved.
Who are her parents thought?
Kid, what is your name?
Who brought you here?
You have to answer me if you want to go back home.
You know where you live, don't you?
Do you remember your mom's phone number or name?
Someone was trying to find out information on me.
So I dug up a little.
But...
they weren't interested about me.
It was about you, so be careful.
Goodness.
You startled me.
What were you thinking about? Why were you so surprised?
No, I wasn't thinking about anything.
Hold on. This is about Choi Sun Young, isn't it?
You've been thinking a lot after her visit.
Don't.
I'm going to protect...
you and our children, so she can't lay a finger on you guys.
I just want you to be happy just like before.
Okay?
I will.
I went through so much to be happy.
- I must be. - All right.
Gosh, he startled me.
I think I know why the kids are coming home late.
You're filming a movie and flirting whenever you get a chance.
Hey, watch it. Don't get smart with me. I'm your dad.
I heard the contest went well.
Oh, no. How did you hurt your hand?
This? I fell from the stairs in the building the contest was held.
- How did that happen? - Something is fishy about that.
I think someone pushed me down the stairs.
I let it go because when I looked up, no one was there.
But I have a bad feeling about this.
Which company is holding the menu developing contest?
It's SC Food and Beverage. Why?
Did you see someone named Choi Sun Young on that day?
Choi Sun Young?
You mean Chief of Food Laboratory?
She was a judge.
What? Why are you wearing sunglasses all of a sudden?
I got a second date.
But your blind date likes someone with big eyes.
What do you think? Aren't they big?
What's your plan?
You weren't supposed to have a second date.
If I keep going on dates with him, I might have to marry him.
Don't worry. I'll marry him in place of you.
Hey! Come to your senses, okay?
You have to be there on Friday for the third round.
What are you talking about?
I need to go on the second date.
Whatever happens, you are his assistant.
If you don't go, you'll ruin his life.
Whatever.
I'm not going to see him again. You need to handle this.
What are you talking about?
Myung Rang, you went on the date in Ru Ri's place?
Mom, please keep this a secret.
When I get a job, I'm going to tell Dad what I want.
I will choose my job and the person whom I love.
Then are you going to see him until then?
See who?
Why aren't you saying anything?
Who are you going to see?
I meant...
The man she went on a date with.
He's called Oh Mok Sim who works at the Korea Expressway Corporation.
Right?
Thank you, Mrs. Hong.
Let's go, Ru Ri.
All right.
Excuse me.
Who is that girl with the round eyes?
She looks a lot like Myung Rang.
Even though he hurt his arm, his menu was great.
If he wins this contest, he will probably be employed.
We need to stop him.
But how?
The decision is up to Chairman Kevin.
Are you going to poison his food or something?
What are you doing?
Go and at least try to find Jung Hwa Young's ex-husband.
I'm sorry.
- How did you come here? - Get out.
I knew it was you.
You hurt Tae Yang, right?
You kept ignoring me, and yet...
you come straight away when her son is involved.
Are you out of your mind?
How dare you hurt him?
He only hurt his arm this time, but what if it had been worse?
I admit that it was my fault.
I should have hurt him badly if I was going to do anything.
It was so mild.
Are you out of your mind? You killed my brother and his wife.
Is that not enough for you?
Are you saying that...
you can kill someone to get what you want?
Of course. If I was afraid, I wouldn't have even started.
Why? Are you afraid?
Then it's not too late.
Leave that old woman and come to me.
I can help you succeed.
Please stop!
I beg you.
Please, I beg you.
Don't come near us ever again.
Whatever you do,
I will never be on your side.
So please give up now.
You are being fooled by that old woman.
Did you know...
that there are no records of her before she was 20 years old?
She gave birth to Jung Tae Yang when she was 19 years old.
We don't know who his father is...
nor what she used to do when she was young.
I'm warning you.
If you hurt even one finger that belongs to my wife,
I won't forgive you.
Your wife?
You can love her as much as you want.
But I will destroy her.
(Jin Ho)
What is it now?
When are you going to send the rest of the money?
I told you.
That's all I can give you.
What?
Stop joking around and give me the money.
I don't have more money. Just leave me alone.
If that's the case,
I'll go and see how my son is doing as I'm already here.
Why? I'm just a father who wants to see his son.
Is that wrong? Is it?
Hello? Hello?
The number you have dialed is not available at this moment.
He's out of his mind.
- Let's go. - Okay.
Hey, stop there.
You can go.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry.
The number you have dialed is not available at this moment.
Why isn't he getting his call?
Woo Joo.
You should have left first. Were you waiting for me?
You can't live without me.
The final book of "The Lily of Versailles" has been published.
Really? Did Anthony and Sonya fall in love?
- Let's buy it at the bookstore. - Okay, Eun Byul.
Hi, it's been a long time.
You are so handsome.
You know why, right?
It's all because you have my genes.
Gosh, you're just like your mother.
All right.
Hey.
Do you have money?
I get really good scores recently.
Did you save some of your pocket money?
Move. I never had a father like you.
You scumbag!
No.
- Follow me. - Let me go!
Talk to me. You can talk to me.
- Let me go. You're embarrassing me. - You can talk to me.
- Mom. - Don't follow me. Go home.
Let me go. All right, I'll go with you.
- Let me go. - Go home.
Gosh, let me go.
Yes, Eun Byul?
Dad, there's a problem.
Mom... Mom was...
What happened? Talk to me slowly.
I told you...
to leave Woo Joo out of this.
I wanted money.
I don't have a lot of money.
Do you know how hard it is for me whenever you take money from me?
Let's please stop this.
I don't expect you to be a father figure for Woo Joo.
Just don't hurt his feelings.
It's been hard enough for us.
Let's please stop this.
Please. Please!
"Please. Please."
Aren't you sick of saying the same thing every time we meet?
Kim Jin Ho!
Why? Jung Hwa Young!
Let's get to the point.
Are you going to give me the money?
I don't have money.
I had to lend money to send you the money.
I really have no more to give you.
In that case,
you need to pay it the other way.
Right?
What are you doing?
Let me go!
Hey.
Someone I know...
is looking for a prostitute to work for him in Itaewon.
You look a little old,
but you have a nice body, and you can dance.
I guess you will pass easily, right?
I will get the money from him in advance.
You're crazy.
You're not dead yet, Jung Hwa Young.
Let's go.
- Let me go. - Let's go.
You scumbag.
Who are you, scum?
I can't believe this.
You scumbag.
Let me go.
No, you shouldn't. You shouldn't.
Get lost if you don't want to die.
All right. All right.
You...
You will regret this.
I will make you regret it.
Both of you.
Yes, it's me.
Remember the man who asked about me at your police station?
Yes.
He is from SC Food and Beverage?
Tell him clearly...
that I have something big on Jung Hwa Young.
Okay.
How dare they.
It must feel awful.
I felt like that too...
when that strange grandmother came to our house.
People never change.
He made our lives an abyss when we lived together.
He even came to visit us sometimes to harass Mom.
Do you still remember what happened before?
I will never forget it. And I shouldn't.
He was so crazy about gambling...
that he hit Mom and destroyed things saying he needed money.
While trying to protect me,
Tae Yang got beaten a lot for me.
I hate being his son.
I don't even want to grow up because I'm afraid I'll turn out like him.
Don't worry.
If he bugs you again,
I won't let him get you.
We may not be related by blood,
but we're a real family.
(Cafe Knife 247)
You have to be there on Friday for the third round.
I'll wait for you.
If you don't go, you'll ruin his life.
Fine. I'll help him until the third round.
Are you leaving now?
Dad.
I got the call.
I heard you're seeing Mok Sin again today.
- What? - Here. Have fun with your date.
Don't make him pay for everything. Pay for the coffee.
It's fine, Dad.
Hey, don't worry.
Just because I'm retired, it doesn't mean I can't give you some money.
- Dad. - Go ahead. Take it.
Still.
Let's go.
Honey. Bring me the key.
- To where? - What do you mean?
- To meet Mok Sin. - Pardon?
His family's excited.
He's so picky...
that he never found any woman good enough for him,
but you're the first one he asked for a second date.
Good job.
Good job. Well done, my dear daughter.
So...
are you going to give her a ride?
Yes. I'm meeting up with a friend for lunch anyway.
I'll drop her off on the way.
What if her makeup gets erased on the transit...
because it's so hot?
It'll make her look stupid.
It's fine, Dad. You don't need to.
Don't worry about it.
I'm also going to check what he looks like.
Honey. I'll go.
You'll probably drink when you meet your friend.
It's a hassle to call a chauffeur service.
I'll drive her.
Right, Dad. You should never get yourself tired.
I'll go with Mom.
- Let's go, Mom. - Okay.
Okay. Sure.
Now that she's grown up,
she worries about me.
Great.
My goodness.
You're killing me, Ru Ri.
Do you have to bail on your date...
and go see him again?
I told you, Mom. I have to be there in place of Myung Rang.
If he can't find any assistant, he'll be alone in the contest.
Then he'll never win.
Why do you care?
Why would you worry about him?
Of course I am worried.
He must win so that he'll get the job.
Oh, my goodness. He doesn't even have a job?
He's been working as a club mate manager.
Lee Ru Ri.
Manager is only a title.
He just wants to have fun...
going around the world with a part-time job.
Whatever you say, I'll help him until the third round.
Just so you know.
Oh, my goodness.
Hey, you're here.
My mom gave me a ride.
Hello, ma'am.
Come in for a cup of tea.
No, it's fine. I know you're busy.
Please come in.
I wouldn't be able to focus if you just leave.
It's on me today, so enjoy it.
Do you have good news or something?
You look great.
Don't get me started. Who knows? We might become in-laws.
Then is Mok Sin and your daughter...
- What's her name again? - Ru Ri.
Right, Ru Ri.
Are they getting married?
You can look forward to it.
I'll give you an invitation to their wedding this year.
I can't believe it.
You were so worried...
that she had trouble finding a job.
Hey, there are only two ways for women.
Either they're pretty or they're smart.
Ru Ri takes after her mom, so she's pretty.
Right.
Ru Ri was pretty when she was young,
but what happened to her?
What are you talking about?
My son's pretty quiet, so he never says anything,
but he said...
her eyes are very small.
What?
Hey, are you sure your son's eyes are all right?
Hold on. Here.
Do you still think they're small?
She has such big eyes.
Her eyes are so big. What was he talking about?
Hey, ask your son when he comes home tonight.
He's with Ru Ri right now.
What have you done to your eyes?
Do you like it?
It's for you.
For you.
Why did you take off your glasses?
- To protect my eyes. - Good job.
I might hurt your eyes because I'm so beautiful.
I can't close my eyes.
Whatever.
- Give me my bag. - Right. The bag.
I'm sorry.
It's at home.
What?
- Look at you. - Calm down.
You're impatient.
Let's go.
My house is nearby. I'll give it to you right away.
My eyes are burning.
Excuse me, Ms. Lee Ru Ri.
Hey, Lee Ru Ri!
Only if she wasn't my father's friend's daughter.
Mom. Mom. Have a seat here.
How do you find this place?
It's a cooking workshop. He rented it for a day for practice.
Try it. It's Hanrabong juice.
Okay.
Thank you.
Are you good at cooking?
It's more like a means of survival rather than a talent.
My mom was busy working,
so I had to take care of my brother since I was young.
Goodness. What about your father?
I don't have one.
My mom's a single mother.
Now she's met a good man and is living with him.
Did she give birth to two children...
as a single mother?
No, my brother is from the second father.
Then now...
it's the third?
Yes.
She finally met a good man after three times.
Although he's younger than her,
he's a real man.
Also, she adopted a daughter.
Are you surprised?
But I'm proud of my mom.
She tried her best...
even in the difficult situation.
Yes. I see.
I should leave now.
Don't be too late.
Mom. Mom.
My goodness.
Mom.
This is insane. She could've picked a better man.
Mom. Mom.
You can't just leave. He'll feel embarrassed.
Forget about the third round. Don't ever see him again.
He's no good to you if you keep seeing him.
I'm disappointed in you. I thought you're different from Dad.
How could you evaluate him based on his condition?
He's beyond the limit.
Ask anyone on the street.
No parent would like their daughter dating someone like him.
You're overreacting, Mom.
I didn't say I'll marry him. We're only working together.
That's only an excuse.
That's how relationships start.
You said it yourself.
You said you'll get a job and live your life.
What you need right now is a job.
If you fall in love when you can't even take care of yourself,
you'll end up like me.
Whatever you say, I must join the third round,
- so please... - Be quiet.
If you ever see him again, I'm going to tell Dad.
Your dad may be strict and assertive,
but that doesn't mean you can stab him in the back.
Wrap everything up today.
It's here.
I thought you live in Mok-dong.
Do you live in the studio apartment here?
What?
Well, this is my workroom.
- A study room for me. - That's enough.
Go inside, and get my bag.
- What are you doing? - Mok Sin,
do you...
want to eat ramen with me?
You just had a meal and two pieces of cake. You want to eat more?
Look at your waistline.
It's dessert.
I live in Room 510.
My legs feel weak. It hurts.
Who is she?
She's not completely insane.
Room 510.
Gosh, I'm so scared.
How's your mom?
She seemed to be upset after she saw me.
You didn't have to tell her everything.
She'd find out eventually.
I didn't want to hide it.
Why?
Are you disappointed too?
But...
I'm sorry.
I can't help you on the third round.
I mean, I don't think I can meet you anymore.
Why is that?
Is your mom against us along with your dad?
That's also a problem,
but I thought about it,
and I think Mom was right.
I want to look after myself first.
I'm not even employed.
I don't deserve...
to like someone yet.
In that case,
there's one way.
Let's win the third round.
The winner of the contest gets special employment.
You're an assistant, but we're a team.
You can get employed too.
Me? That doesn't make sense.
I'm really bad at cooking.
You've seen how I'm like.
I already told you that you have a special talent.
Manager Jung.
Trust me.
If you are not sure about our relationship after the contest,
I'll respect your decision then.
I'm so upset. This is so upsetting.
I don't know if she's weird or bold.
What if she fails?
What will she do with her dad?
Why are you talking to yourself?
Oh, my.
Why are you home so early?
Well, I must be getting old now.
I only had a drink during lunch, and I feel dizzy.
Do you want me to make a detox juice?
It's all right.
You always say it takes a lot of work.
It won't take long.
Honey.
Thank you.
About what?
For cancelling marriage graduation.
When I think about what would happen after Ru Ri gets married,
it's such a relief.
And...
what do you think about...
selling this house and moving to Ilsan or Namyangju?
A house of 100m².
Why? Do you need money?
We need some money if Ru Ri is going to...
get married this fall.
Everyone wants a wife that works.
We need to at least help them buy a house...
so that she wouldn't be looked down upon when she gets married.
The children is all we have in our lives.
If it's for my children, I don't think it's a waste of money.
Tomorrow, I'll start searching for houses.
All right?
Don't expect too much from your children.
Don't be too kind to them.
He'd be more disappointed.
How is it? Do you like it?
I'm sorry.
It's delicious, but it's not unique.
I know.
The assignment for the final...
is to make a meal to satisfy Chairman Kevin.
But I don't have any ideas.
I've thought about this, and I think...
we'll only be able to win if we know our enemy.
I already know about him.
But he's been living in the US, so there's not much information.
Is this it?
(Kevin Miller)
He is a mysterious person.
Why does he seem so familiar?
Where did I see him?
Where?
I saw him somewhere.
Think hard.
Where was it?
- Hurry up. - Wait.
Wait. Joo Ae Ri.
- Who's that? - You know that mean girl.
When Bong Myung Tae cheated on me,
I went through all her SNS posts.
His picture was there for sure.
(At a restaurant in Los Angeles with my lovely Kevin.)
"At a restaurant in Los Angeles with my lovely Kevin."
See? I was right.
You were.
But how do they know each other?
Wait a moment.
Gosh, I don't want to call him.
What?
It's just because I want to ask you something.
About Joo Ae Ri...
Are you teasing me?
I don't want to even hear her name.
We broke up because of you.
- Gosh. - Bong Myung Tae. Wait, wait.
Please, please don't hang up.
What?
Do you know a person called Kevin?
Kevin Miller.
The Chairman of SC Food and Beverage?
Yes, that's right.
Do you know anything about him?
He's her dad.
Really?
What else do you know about him?
Do you know about his personalities, tastes, or childhood?
I don't know. I've never even seen him before.
I just know that he lived at an orphanage in Jeolla Province,
got adopted in the US when he was six,
got famous for his restaurant business,
and founded SC Food and Beverage.
She boasted so much about him.
- Why do you ask? - Thank you, Myung Tae.
I knew you'd be of use someday.
I forgive all your sins now.
All right? Have a great life.
(End call)
Hey, hey! You wench!
Gosh, she's always so mean.
She must have wanted to hear my voice again.
You heard him, right?
He lived in the US after he was adopted when he was six.
Now I know what I should do.
Ru Ri.
Well done.
If I win the contest, it's all thanks to you.
You're very talented.
You shouldn't compliment me now.
I'll hear all your compliments after we win the contest.
You sound like a real assistant.
Of course.
If I can only get employed, I can do anything.
But you need to keep your promise.
What promise?
You said you'll respect my decision after we win the contest.
All right.
Let's win the contest first.
Okay.
Kevin, we'll destroy you.
(Kevin Miller)
What is it? Is something wrong?
It could be too early,
or it could be an ectopic pregnancy.
You should take a blood test.
Oh, my goodness.
What should I do?
Baby.
Baby. Yeon Ju, come on.
Why are you calling me? I'm so upset.
Here, you should drink this. It's a little hot.
- What is this? - Who do you think I am?
I am a problem solver.
Trust me and drink it up.
Drink it.
Gosh, it tastes so strange.
The color is disgusting too. What is it?
You can still taste things all right.
Think of it as a cure drink. This water was boiled with panties.
Mom! Are you out of your mind?
You're so rude.
Why do you think I do this?
It feels like a needle is...
poking my heart.
How can you make your only daughter...
drink water boiled with panties?
This isn't just normal panties.
You know the vet down the street?
The wife of that man gave birth to six children in consecutive years.
So I stole one of her panties in the backyard,
and boiled it.
You even steal now?
And you stole someone's panties?
Hey, what wouldn't a mother do for her child?
She becomes pregnant...
just by looking at her husband.
So if I drink water with her panties boiled, I'll get pregnant?
I'm trying my best. Listen to me!
Also, put this deep inside...
your husband's pillow.
And put this around your waist.
Do you think it's still the time when you dug shells in Beolgyo?
I'm going to the clinic for the result. Follow me.
Right now, I'm combining all superstitions...
with modern science.
Eat slowly.
I'll give you more if you need more.
You can tell me.
Who's your mom?
Where's your house?
You must stay quiet no matter what.
You don't know your name, who I am,
Mom's name, the address, and everything else.
Don't say a thing.
If you do, you'll never get to see me again.
Get it?
You can tell me.
What's your mom's name?
Okay.
Calm down.
I got it now.
Stop there.
It's the kid.
Can you zoom in the guardian's face?
Yes.
Do you know her by any chance?
No. I've never seen her before.
Why would she abandon her kid in our clinic?
That's what I want to know.
We can't delay it anymore. Let's call the police.
Yes, sir.
Doctor.
I found someone who knows the kid.
Here.
I posted her picture on the website many mothers use,
and her kindergarten teacher contacted me.
Then we can find out who her parents are.
Unfortunately, the blood test says you're not pregnant.
- What? - What?
No way.
How can I get two lines when I'm not pregnant?
I checked it three times.
She's right.
I checked it 3 times with my 2 eyes.
Pregnancy testers aren't always correct,
or it could be polycystic ovary syndrome.
- Polycystic ovary? - Polycystic ovary?
- What's that? - What's that?
You said you have period irregularly.
Yes. Sometimes it comes after two months.
It's irregular.
Doctor. Is there something wrong?
That could cause sterility.
Sterility?
Mom.
Doctor, are you saying my daughter...
can't get pregnant?
You've been married for four years,
but you haven't gotten pregnant yet, right?
Right.
Then you should've come earlier.
You can't get pregnant right now.
What did you just say?
How dare you say that?
Is it her?
Yes, I'm sure.
Her name is Han Gyul. Oh Han Gyul.
She stopped coming here...
after March of this year.
Is there any way I can find her guardian?
(Student Record)
Here it is.
It says her guardian is her mother.
Her name is Jung Su Mi.
Did you say Jung Su Mi?
Are you sure?
Her mom's name is Jung Su Mi.
How did you live your life...
that you could even abandon your child, Jung Su Mi?
Here. It's your final contest today, isn't it?
- Eat a lot, and cheer up. - Don't worry.
I've gotten better now.
Look at you. Go beat them all.
What was that?
Dad. Did you scold them?
Why are they so down?
That's not it.
Woo Joo's real father was here.
And? Did he bug Mom again?
Pretend like you don't know.
She must be going through a lot right now.
You'll regret this.
I will make you regret it.
What are you looking at?
- What's that? - Honey, that's nothing.
Nothing. It's nothing.
I need to know now.
What is it that's making you suffer?
Who's this?
Is it him?
Am I right?
He's...
Tae Yang's father.
(2017 SC Food and Beverage Menu Developing Final Contest)
- Did you have a good dream? - Yes.
Two dragons suddenly appeared in front of me,
and they ascended to the sky.
- That's a precognitive dream. - What? A precognitive dream?
Why would you touch your belly?
You're so naive. Let's go.
Move. Make a way.
Welcome.
Long time no see.